Address feedback on QML samples. (#322)
microsoft/Quantum: samples/machine-learning/parallel-half-moons/README.md

## Manifest

- [Training.qs](https://github.com/microsoft/Quantum/blob/master/samples/machine-learning/parallel-half-moons/Training.qs): Q# code implementing quantum operations for this sample.
- [Host.cs](https://github.com/microsoft/Quantum/blob/master/samples/machine-learning/parallel-half-moons/Host.cs): C# code to load data, and to interact with and print out results of the Q# operations for this sample.

> - [ParallelHalfMoons.csproj](https://github.com/microsoft/Quantum/blob/master/samples/machine-learningparallel-/half-moons/HalfMoons.csproj): Main C# project for the sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ParallelHalfMoons.csproj](https://github.com/microsoft/Quantum/blob/master/samples/machine-learning/parallel-half-moons/ParallelHalfMoons.csproj): Main C# project for the sample.
```
